Marketing, then Automation.
p02
Open this page when a client asks why a lifecycle text went out, or didn't.
p03
Every automated flow you run sits here on one screen.
p04
Across the top, four numbers.
p05
How many automations exist, how many are live,
p06
how many are still drafts, and how many messages they've sent this month.
p07
Read left to right and you already know the shape of the account.
p08
First panel, Send Volume.
p09
A thirty-day line of daily sends.
p10
When a client says the texts stopped last Tuesday, this curve is where a drop shows up first.
p11
Next to it, Status Breakdown.
p12
It splits your automations into published and draft.
p13
For the real count, trust the cards up top: three published, one draft.
p14
Then Top Triggers.
p15
A donut showing which events set your automations off.
p16
Cancellations lead, recharges and plan upgrades follow.
p17
It tells you where the automated work is concentrated.
p18
Scroll to the list.
p19
Four automations on record.
p20
Two buttons sit to the right, Export and New Automation.
p21
We're only reading today, so leave both alone.
p22
A search box, a filter, a search button.
p23
Type a name to narrow the list.
p24
Browsing changes nothing, so poke around without worry.
p25
Five columns.
p26
Name, the trigger that fires it, when it was created,
p27
when it was last touched, and its status.
p28
That last column is the one you'll check most.
p29
Top row, Win Back, No Visit ninety days.
p30
Its trigger is a customer who hasn't come back.
p31
Status reads Draft, so it isn't live yet.
p32
Nothing is going out from this one.
p33
Cancel Plan Recovery, next.
p34
Trigger's a cancellation, status Published, so it's live.
p35
But look right: weather paused at six locations.
p36
Live and paused at once, which is exactly the answer to a stopped-texts call.
p37
Two more.
p38
Birthday Surprise fires on a member's birthday and runs clean.
p39
First Wash Welcome greets new customers, published, but weather-paused at five sites.
p40
Same story as the cancellation flow.
p41
Status shows as a chip.
p42
Green Published, amber Draft, and that weather note layered on top when a pause is active.
p43
Down the bottom, one through four of four, so the whole account fits on one page.
p44
So, the automation page.
p45
Four numbers up top, three panels for the trends, one table for the detail.
p46
When someone reports a flow that stopped, you can tell in seconds
p47
whether it's a draft, a pause, or something worth a bug.
p48
Where weather pausing gets switched on is still parked.